Couple of key concepts: 
---------------------------- 
1. Handle multiple toons for a single user 
2. Provide the ability to limit class counts for a specific event 
3. Provide the ability to define minimum regent supplies 
4. Provide the ability to pre-assign toons 
5. Provide the ability to pre-assign blacklists 
6. Define event roles 
7. Provide different calendar views 
8. Provide the ability to send out status and event emails 

Tables 
-------- 
Users - Table of defined system users 

Id - Unique Id 
Name - name of the user for the site 
Email - Validated email address for notifications 
SecurityLevel - Administrator, Event Editor, User, etc... 
Password - What it says 

User-Toon - One-to-Many to connect toons to users 

Id - Unique Id 
Name - Name of the toon 
Class Id - Class Id of the toon 
Level - Level of the toon 
Guild Id - Guild Id the toon belongs to 
Icon Image Id - Icon image to use for toon 

Events - Defined calendar events 

Id - Unique Id 
Name - Name of the event that the users see 
Type - Birthday, Holiday, Raid, Group, Anouncement, etc... 
Instance - Probably needs it's own table 
Meet Location - Location for guild to group at 
Meet Time - Time meet up will begin 
Description - Description of event 
Date - Date event will start 
Start Time - Time event will start 
End Time - Time vent will stop 
Lowest Level - Lowest toon level accepted (0 = all) 
Highest Level - Highest toon level accepted (0 = all) 
Limits - Class based limits (One-to-Many Table) 
Guilds - Accepted guilds for event (One-to-Many Table) 
Limit Guilds - Limit specific guilds defined in lookup table 
Toons - User lookup (One-to-Many Table) 
Regents - Required regents (One-to-Many Table) 
Icon Image Id - Image to use for event 
Class Limit Level - Hard Limits, Soft Limits, No Limits 

Event-Limit - Class counts required for event 

Event Id - Unique Event Id 
Class Id - Unique Class Id 
Min Count - Minimum number of toons for this class for event 
Max Count - Maximum number of toons for this class for event 

Event-Guild - Limit guilds that can participate 

Event Id - Unique Event Id 
Guild Id - Unique Guild Id 
Member Count Min - minimum number of toons from this guild for event 
Member Count Max - maximum num of toons form this guild for event 

Event-Toon - Toons assigned to event 

Event Id - Unique Event Id 
Toon Id - Unique Toon Id 
Status - Status of user (Pending, Assigned, Standby, Wont Attend, Blackout, Pre-Assigned) 
Role - Assigned role of user (Raid Leader, SK Manager, MT, OT, Heal Lead, etc...) 

Events-Regent - Required regents for event 

Event Id - Unique Event Id 
Regent Id - Unique Regent Id 
Min Count - Minimum regents required 

Class - Class types available in the game 

Id - Unique Id 
Class Name - Name of class 
Icon Image Id - Image to use for this class 

Guilds - Guilds that can be used for events 

Id - Unique Id 
Guild Name - Name of guild 
Icon Image Id - Icon to use for guild 

Regents - Regents available in the game 

Id - Unique Id 
Regent Name - Name of regent 
Icon Image Id Icon to use for regent 

Icon Image - List of images that have been defined with the system 

Id - Unique Id 
Name - Name for the image 
URL - Complete URL for image file 


Primary Functionality Screens 

- Calendar View (Year, Month, Week) 
- Add/Edit/Delete Event 
- Add/Edit/Delete User 
- Add/Edit/Delete Toon 
- Add/Edit/Delete Class 
- Add/Edit/Delete Guild 
- Add/Edit/Delete Regent 
- Add/Edit/Delete Icon Image 
- Event Reporting/Export/Import 


Possible in-game LUA AddOn 

- Import Calendar Export XML 
- Export existing Group/Raid to Calendar XML